Add RT Conf documentation (#98)
canonical/real-time-ubuntu-docs: docs/how-to/rt-conf-cli.md

> # How-to tune Real-Time Ubuntu using rt-conf

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How-to tune Real-time Ubuntu using rt-conf
```

> *rt-conf* is a tool that helps users tune their system for real-time responsiveness. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*rt-conf* is a tool that can be used to tune your system for real-time responsiveness. 
```

Speaking to the user.

> This guide describes how to install and use it on Ubuntu. 

Reviewer 2: Should we state "[...] on Ubuntu with the real-time kernel" / "[...] on Real-time Ubuntu"? I know it's already in the title, so maybe it's repetitive.

Reviewer: i agree. either of @EdoardoBarbieriCanonical 's suggestion works.
it would be helpful for SEO since your keywords should be featured at the start of your doc / guide.

## Install

Install rt-conf as a snap:

```shell
sudo snap install rt-conf --beta --devmode
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

````{admonition} Developer mode
The snap must be installed with `--devmode` to allow IRQ configuration.

> This is due to issue [#67](https://github.com/canonical/rt-conf/issues/67). 

Reviewer 2: What's the expected timeframe for fixing this bug?

When installed in developer mode, the snap will not update automatically.
To force an update:
```shell
sudo snap refresh rt-conf
```
````

Grant access to allow GRUB configuration on a system that supports it:
```shell
sudo snap connect rt-conf:etc-default-grub
```
rt-conf uses this access to write a drop-in GRUB config file at `/etc/default/grub.d/60_rt-conf.cfg`.

> This file is removed when uninstalling the rt-conf snap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file is removed when you uninstall the rt-conf snap.
```

## Configure

The default configuration file is located at `/var/snap/rt-conf/common/config.yaml`:

> ```{literalinclude} rt-conf-config.yaml

Reviewer: I don't think it's a good idea to maintain this file here since it can change upstream in rt-conf without warning -- unless we want to keep this version a little different from the upstream one?

I would suggest pulling this file into `real-time-ubuntu` from upstream since it's a literal include without further explanation / annotations / modifications in the YAML file itself.

We can copy the file over each time the doc builds with the `urllib` library.

1. Add this to the "import" section of `conf.py`:
   ```
   from urllib.request import urlretrieve
   ```
1. Add this towards the end of `conf.py`:
   ```
   # Import files from external URLs

   urlretrieve (
       "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/canonical/rt-conf/refs/heads/main/config.yaml",
       "how-to/rt-conf-config.yaml"
   )
    ```

:language: yaml
```

The configuration file includes several examples.
Uncomment useful examples and modify them to meet the tuning requirements.

If a configuration is commented out, rt-conf will not perform any operations. 
Anything that is set on your system remains untouched.

Refer to the {doc}`../reference/rt-conf-yaml` for more details.

## Run

Once ready with the configurations, run rt-conf:
```shell
sudo rt-conf
```

```{admonition} Kernel command line parameters
Pay attention to the output as it shows platform-specific instructions to complete kernel command line configurations.

> Setting kernel command line via rt-conf is not supported on [Ubuntu Core][UC]. 

Reviewer 2: Is the word "parameters" missing here?

Instead, refer to {ref}`ubuntu-core-kernel-cmdline`.
```

The kernel command line parameters are persisted on the system, but this is not the case for other configurations.
The IRQ and CPU governance are reset to the system defaults after a reboot.
The rt-conf snap has a oneshot service which runs on every boot to re-apply the non-persistent configurations. 
This service runs only once and stops immediately after setting the configurations.

If re-applying non-persistent configurations on boot is not wanted, disable the service:
```shell
sudo snap stop --disable rt-conf
```

> ### Change configuration path

Reviewer: i think the section on "Change configuration file path" should be under the "Configure" section instead of "Run.

> ### Change configuration path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Change configuration file path
```

suggest moving it up.

The configuration file path can be changed with [snap configurations][snap-config].
For example:
```shell
sudo snap set rt-conf config-file=/home/ubuntu/rt-conf/config.yaml
```

```{note}

> The configuration file must be in a location accessible to the snap, such as a user home directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration file must be in a location accessible to the snap, such as a user's home directory.
```
